welcome to i love movie recap
today i'm going to explain a drama crime
and thriller film called frailty
at the beginning of the movie we see
agent wesley doyle enters an fbi
building
passing an ambulance on his way in
he makes his way up and another agent
griff tells him that a man carrying
information about a case wesley is
working on has arrived
wesley enters his office and greets the
man with a handshake
the man reciprocates by handing wesley a
picture of wesley and his mother
wesley finds it odd that the man was
poking around on his desk but the man
says he has been waiting for a while
saying he's been through wesley's
plaques and citations as well as crime
scene photos
the man introduces himself as fenton
mikes and reveals that he believes his
brother adam is the god's hand killer
fenton begins narrating the events of
the previous night
fenton got a call from adam
the latter said the demons were taking
over the world and he could no longer
defeat them by himself
fenton tried to calm adam down but adam
said he needed fenton to take him back
to the rose garden as fenton had
promised
adam then hanged up headed to his study
and shot himself in the head
back in the office wesley takes note of
everything fenton says
fenton admits that he buried adam in the
rose garden
wesley still doesn't think that adam is
the god's hand killer as adam has never
explicitly said it
fenton says that there is a lot more to
uncover and that wesley will fully
understand everything by the end of it
wesley calls the sheriff's office asking
if they know a man named fenton mike's
the woman on the other line says fenton
was present earlier
he had apparently stolen an ambulance
and adam's body wesley returns to the
room and asks what fenton knows
fenton changes the subject pointing to
wesley's photo telling him that wesley
and his mother have the same eyes
feeling frustrated wesley again asks
what makes fenton think his brother is
the god's hand killer
fenton tells another story of how
everything started in thurman when he
and his brother were still young and
living with their father
the year was 1979
a school bus dropped off a young fenton
in adam and they made their way to a
place called thurman rose garden
behind the garden was their home
fenton reveals that their mother died at
childbirth when she was in labor with
adam
due to their mother's passing adam
became fenton's responsibility while
their father mr mike's worked as a
mechanic
they lay in their beds waiting for their
father to tuck them in
mr mike's comes in and bonds with them
for a while before kissing them good
night
fenton stayed awake looking at the light
in the ceiling thinking things someone
his age shouldn't have to
suddenly the bulb turned on their father
came into the room and announced that he
had something to say
he had a vision from god earlier that
night
he saw an angel in the form of a bright
light that talked to him about god's
special purpose for his family
he told fenton and adam that the world
was ending
there's a war between angels and demons
and they're the only ones that knew of
it
adam voiced out that he's scared and
while their father comforted him fenton
silently judged
the angel bestowed upon them the title
of god's hand and their task to destroy
demons
fenton's reaction indicated that he
didn't believe and spoke out saying none
of it makes sense
their father further romanticized this
idea of becoming superheroes destined to
save the world from demons
they'll be blessed with three magical
weapons to help in killing the demons
adam was quickly captivated while fenton
remained doubtful
later fenton sat overwhelmed tightly
hugging his pillow bracing for impact as
his happy world turned upside down in a
single night
he felt alone and the sinister stares of
his family cornered him to this dark
state in his life
this haunted him for the following days
on his way to work mr mike's had another
encounter with god
he saw a ray of light that shined on a
barn
he made his way in and saw a pair of
gloves and an axe buried on a tree stump
days pass and mr mike springs the last
of the magical weapons
he said it's only a matter of time
before the extermination begins as they
would soon receive the first list of
names
while at work mr mike's checked the
undercarriage of the car
he hallucinated and everything around
him morphed into a cathedral
an angel wielding a sword on fire
approached him
he came to his senses and started
writing on a notepad
the night arrived fenton and his father
talked about the mission god gave them
as a final attempt to sway his father
fenton suggested that maybe all of this
was just a dream and that there was
something wrong inside his head
mr mike's disagreed and brought out the
list of names
at that moment fenton finally accepted
that this was his new reality adam
approached his father saying that god
gave him a list as well
mr mike's read out the name of adam's
bully he made adam tell the truth and
taught him a lesson about not making
things up
the frustration in fenton's eyes was
evident as he's the only one that
noticed the irony behind all of this
fenton stood near the sheriff's station
he felt conflicted because he was close
to waking his family up from the
nightmare therein
however he chose to run from the
responsibility of putting his father
into prison
late at night the brothers lay down on
their beds and they talk about their
father's obsession with demons
fenton said it's all make-believe but
adam disagrees
fenton tried his best to persuade adam
to run away with him
adam smiled at his brother's proposition
and the conversation ended
fenton woke up in the middle of the
night and saw his father carrying a body
bag over his shoulders
his bloody father brought home a tied up
woman
he invited the two inside the shed to
witness what he was about to do
the woman was filled with fear and
confusion
mr mike gets the axe and fenton pleaded
for his father to stop
however he was determined to act out the
will of god
mr mike's grabbed the woman's arm and
felt the demon hiding beneath the human
facade
he swung the axe and murdered the woman
in front of his children
mr mike and adam worked together to bury
their victim while fenton cried
mr mike's comforted fenton by saying
that he would start to understand
everything when they hunt down more
demons
in the present day wesley asks where
fenton's father is to which he replies
that he's long dead
fenton says that his father believes
he's liberating the world from the
demons and not committing murder
fenton admits that he didn't tell on his
father because he was still a child and
was terrified
to further prove that adam is the god's
hand killer he reveals that he knows
where the bodies are
wesley cuff spent in before they ride
off to the rose garden
they converse more in the vehicle
talking about how one can carry that
heaviest secret for so long
fenton changes the topic and again
brings up the picture of wesley and his
mom
this time around wesley opens up to
fenton saying that a few days after that
picture was taken his mom was murdered
they never found the killer and fenton
hypothesizes that this is why wesley
took on the case
wesley gets tired of getting questioned
and asks fenton why he keeps changing
the subject accusing him of hiding
something
a month passed since the night of the
first murder
the brothers acted like normal children
again but no amount of time could fade
the stain on their innocence
they entered the house and asked about
the parked van outside
their father said they need it for
hunting demons while holding the dreaded
notepad
they waited outside a store to abduct
their next victim
fenton argued that it's too risky to do
this in broad daylight but mr mike said
god would blind anyone from seeing what
they would do
the man exited the store and they
initiated the plan despite fenton not
wanting to do so
fenton acted out a scene remarkably well
convincing the man that his imaginary
dog was stuck underneath the car
the man kneeled and mr mike struck him
from behind
they took him to the shed where mr
mike's touched the man and appears to
have a vision of the man's sins
he then takes the man's life
fenton revisited the idea of running
away with adam
however adam still refused justifying
his father's murders by bestowing him
the title of a demon slayer
adam left fenton and planned to snitch
on fenton to their father
mr mike's entered the boy's room only
waking fenton up
he confronted fenton about what he and
adam talked about
his father invited him outside to try
and change his mind
he commanded him to dig a hole and
expects him to be done halfway by the
time he gets home
fenton argued that's not possible and
his father said that anything's possible
with god
he dug the hole by his own sheer will
he despised god and the angels because
of what they did to his father
adam gave him a glass of water as he
made good progress with the whole
the two talked for a while and they end
up fighting
fenton stood there all sweaty and tired
worried about his brainwashed brother
this went on for five more days until
the hole became as deep as fenton's
hatred for god
in the following days they constructed a
dungeon underneath the shed
fenton still acted coldly even after the
time they spent to get together working
another person became their unfortunate
victim
however this time mr mike's instructed
fenton to kill him
fenton ran away and arrived at the
sheriff's station
the station is unattended so he ran to
the sheriff's house
he told his story but the sheriff didn't
believe him
as he was about to call fenton's father
fenton shouted out that he had proof
mr mike's invited the sheriff inside
his father apologized for the trouble
fenton had caused
mr mike's convincingly made up lies to
remove any suspicion
however being this close to putting a
stop to his father's murders fenton
pleaded for the sheriff to at least
check the shed
his father agreed and looked menacingly
in fenton's way
they opened the shed and fenton and the
sheriff made their way down the seller
finding nothing the sheriff looked at
and disappointed and climbed up the
stairs
suddenly fenton heard an axe hitting
flesh and down came the sheriff all
bloody and disoriented
his father sinisterly stepped down and
swung his axe killing his first victim
that's not on the list
he felt sick and puked
mr mike's head was all sorts of messed
up as he claimed that this is the first
innocent man he had killed
he even blamed fenton for it
fenton called him crazy and the rage
built up inside his father almost cost
in his life
luckily adam stopped him just in time
the two cry while an unfazed fenton
looked at his father with disgust
mr mike's invited fenton to the shed
he commanded fenton to come in and shut
the door behind him
he asked fenton if he's afraid of him
and he nodded in agreement
his father said that the angel told him
that fenton's a demon but he didn't
believe it
mr mike stated that his love for fenton
is even greater than that of his faith
his father then said he's the one that's
afraid of fenton and open the cellar
hatch
fenton tried to escape but he got
overpowered easily
he left him there and nailed down the
hatch
adam entered the shed to wake fenton up
he pleaded for adam to help him but his
loyalty to his deranged dad was
steadfast
adam said he'll probably be out of there
in a week leaving a furious fenton
banging on the hatch
on the seventh day mr mike's opened the
hatch and asked fenton if he had spoken
to god
fenton's fortitude remained strong as he
replied that there's no god
his father locked him in again
time passed fenton finally saw a vision
from god and there he realized what his
mission was
one day fenton stopped answering
he was unconscious on the steps and got
carried out by his father
he gained consciousness and told his
father that he spoke to god
mr mike's felt relieved to see his son
finally accepting god's will
they apologized to one another and
talked about plans to catch fenton's
first demon
the night of the abduction came
the two approached their victims home
and mr mikes knocked on the door
they asked for a spare tire but their
conversation got interrupted by the
man's wife he angrily cusses her out
they followed him to his garage to
retrieve a spare tire
just as his father was about to hit the
man the man realized what they're doing
and struck first
however fenton came to the rescue and
hit the man allowing his father to knock
him out
at the cellar fenton had the ax in his
hand and shared a sentimental moment
with his father
mr mike touched the demon and commanded
fenton to destroy him
fenton lifted the axe and at the apex of
the swing he aimed it toward his
father's chest
adam rushed to help his dying father
he whispered in adam's ears with his
final breath
fenton removed the duct tape from the
man's mouth
the man screamed as adam rushed to
finish him off with an axe
back in the present fenton becomes
emotional as he remembers the dreadful
day
wesley is the first person he has spoken
to about this
they sit in complete silence as fenton
doesn't want to continue the
conversation anymore
they arrive at their destination and
fenton leads him to where the bodies are
located
he recoups his calm manner and continues
to share about what happened next during
that night
fenton dug up a ditch and asked adam to
promise that if he ever kills him he'll
bury him in the garden
wesley is puzzled he says it doesn't
make sense as adam is the one that
fentan buried
to his surprise fenton reveals himself
to be adam mike's he says to wesley that
he'll understand everything soon enough
and leads him to where he buried fenton
they arrive at the spot and adam kneels
to reminisce about how his father failed
to destroy the demon that is his brother
this is why he took the responsibility
to hunt fenton down himself
fenton took on the alias god's hand
because he knew this would catch adam's
attention
he left him notes through his victims
eventually leading adam to him
it is revealed that adam entered
fenton's unlocked home and fenton sat as
he waited for him
he uttered adam's name prepared to meet
his fate
adam shares to wesley that he believes
everything his father has ever told them
he sees the same visions and the actual
demons that reside in the human shell
wesley points a gun at adam but he
doesn't flinch
instead he taunts wesley by saying that
catching him won't bring his mother back
wesley attacks adam but gets overpowered
adam gets a hold of him and adam sees a
vision of wesley murdering his mother
he then whispers to wesley that he is on
his list
adam proceeds to uncuff himself and
carries wesley into his ditch
he grabs hold of his trusted axe
crossing another name off his list
back at the office the investigation
begins and officers interrogate griff
about adam
however griff seems to have forgotten
adam's face
all the surveillance footage has
problems and the only trace they have of
adam is the name he gave them which is
fenton mike's
fbi enters the fenton's home and griff
sees a list pinned on the board with
wesley doyle's name crossed out
griff walks into the sheriff's station
and a woman greets him
he asks for the sheriff and the sheriff
is revealed to be adam
griff doesn't seem to remember him at
all and proceeds to ask questions about
fenton
movie and here
thank you for watching subscribe for
more